Screen Manager Template management (#331)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Displaying a User Interface/Main Screen Templates/index.md

# Main Screen Templates
Each head unit manufacturer supports a set of user interface templates. These templates determine the position and size of the text, images, and buttons on the screen. Once the app has connected successfully with an SDL enabled head unit, a list of supported templates is available on @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager.defaultMainWindowCapability.templatesAvailable`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager().getDefaultMainWindowCapability().getTemplatesAvailable()`!@. 

## Change the Template

> To change a template at any time, use @![iOS]`[SDLScreenManager changeLayout:]`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`ScreenManager.changeLayout()`!@. This guide requires SDL @![android, javaSE, javaEE]Java Suite version 5.0!@@![iOS]iOS version 7.0!@ @![javascript]JavaScript Suite version 1.2!@. If using an older version, use `SetDisplayLayout` RPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change a template at any time, use @![iOS]`[SDLScreenManager changeLayout:]`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`ScreenManager.changeLayout()`!@. This guide requires SDL @![android, javaSE, javaEE]Java Suite version 5.0!@@![iOS]iOS version 7.0!@ @![javascript]JavaScript Suite version 1.2!@. If using an older version, use the `SetDisplayLayout` RPC.
```

# Main Screen Templates

> Each head unit manufacturer supports a set of user interface templates. These templates determine the position and size of the text, images, and buttons on the screen. Once the app has connected successfully with an SDL enabled head unit, a list of supported templates is available on @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager.defaultMainWindowCapability.templatesAvailable`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager().getDefaultMainWindowCapability().getTemplatesAvailable()`!@. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each head unit manufacturer supports a set of user interface templates. These templates determine the position and size of the text, images, and buttons on the screen. Once the app has connected successfully with an SDL enabled head unit, a list of supported templates is available on @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager.defaultMainWindowCapability.templatesAvailable`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager().getDefaultMainWindowCapability().getTemplatesAvailable()`!@.
```

Reviewer: This has not been resolved

## Change the Template

> To change a template at any time, with the ScreenManager use changeLayout. This guide requires SDL @![android, javaSE, javaEE] Java Suite version 5.0!@ @![iOS] iOS version 7.0!@ @![javascript] JavaScript Suite version 1.2!@. If using an older version, use `SetDisplayLayout` RPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change a template at any time, use @![iOS]`[SDLScreenManager changeLayout:]!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE, javascript]`ScreenManager.changeLayout()`!@. This guide requires SDL @![android, javaSE, javaEE]Java Suite version 5.0!@@![iOS]iOS version 7.0!@ @![javascript]JavaScript Suite version 1.2!@. If using an older version, use `SetDisplayLayout` RPC.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!NOTE
When changing the layout, you may get an error or failure if the update is "superseded." This isn't technically a failure, because changing the layout has not yet been attempted. The layout or batched operation was cancelled before it could be completed because another operation was requested. The layout change will then be inserted into the future operation and completed then.
!!!
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> //TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[self.sdlManager.screenManager changeLayout:[[SDLTemplateConfiguration alloc] initWithTemplate:SDLPredefinedLayoutGraphicWithText] withCompletionHandler:^(NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (error != nil) {
        // Print out the error if there is one and return early
        return;
    }

    // The template has been set successfully
}];
```

```

##### Swift
```swift

> //TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sdlManager.screenManager.changeLayout(SDLTemplateConfiguration(predefinedLayout: .graphicWithText)) { err in
    if let error = err {
        // Print out the error if there is one and return early
        return
    }

    // The template has been set successfully
}
```

```
!@

@![android, javaSE, javaEE]
```java
TemplateConfiguration templateConfiguration = new TemplateConfiguration().setTemplate(PredefinedLayout.GRAPHIC_WITH_TEXT.toString());
sdlManager.getScreenManager().changeLayout(templateConfiguration, new CompletionListener() {
    @Override
    public void onComplete(boolean success) {
        if (success) {
            DebugTool.logInfo(TAG, "Layout set successfully");
        } else {
            DebugTool.logInfo(TAG, "Layout not set successfully");
        }
    }
});
```
!@

@![javascript]
```js

> //TODO

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const templateConfiguration = new SDL.rpc.structs.TemplateConfiguration()
    .setTemplate(SDL.rpc.enums.PredefinedLayout.GRAPHIC_WITH_TEXT);
    
const success = await sdlManager.getScreenManager().changeLayout(templateConfiguration);
if (success) {
    console.log("Layout set successfully");
} else {
    console.log("Layout not set successfully");
}
```

```
!@

> Template changes can also be batched with text and graphics updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template changes can also be batched with text and graphics updates:
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> //TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[self.sdlManager.screenManager beginUpdates];
self.sdlManager.screenManager.textField1 = "Line of Text";
[self.sdlManager.screenManager changeLayout:[[SDLTemplateConfiguration alloc] initWithTemplate:SDLPredefinedLayoutGraphicWithText] withCompletionHandler:^(NSError * _Nullable error) {
    // This listener will be ignored, and will use the handler sent in commit.
}];
self.sdlManager.screenManager.primaryGraphic = <#SDLArtwork#>;
[self.sdlManager.screenManager endUpdatesWithCompletionHandler:^(NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (error != nil) {
        // Print out the error if there is one and return early
        return
    }
    // The data and template has been set successfully
}];
```

Author: For:
```
// This listener will be ignored, and will use the handler sent in commit.

```
Instead of commit should it be endUpdatesWithCompletionHandler

```

##### Swift
```swift

> //TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sdlManager.screenManager.beginUpdates()
sdlManager.screenManager.textField1 = "Line of Text"
sdlManager.screenManager.changeLayout(SDLTemplateConfiguration(predefinedLayout: .graphicWithText)) { err in
    // This listener will be ignored, and will use the handler set in the endUpdates call.
}
sdlManager.screenManager.primaryGraphic = <#SDLArtwork#>
sdlManager.screenManager.endUpdates { err in
    if let error = err {
        // Print out the error if there is one and return early
        return
    }
    // The data and template has been set successfully
}
```

```
!@

@![android, javaSE, javaEE]
```java
sdlManager.getScreenManager().beginTransaction();
sdlManager.getScreenManager().setTextField1("Line of Text");
sdlManager.getScreenManager().changeLayout(templateConfiguration, new CompletionListener() {
    @Override
    public void onComplete(boolean success) {
        // This listener will be ignored, and will use the CompletionListener sent in commit.
    }
});
sdlManager.getScreenManager().setPrimaryGraphic(<#SDLArtwork#>);
sdlManager.getScreenManager().commit(new CompletionListener() {
    @Override
    public void onComplete(boolean success) {
        if (success) {

>             Log.i(TAG, "Text, Graphic and Template changed successful");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Log.i(TAG, "The data and template have been set successfully");
```

        }
    }
});
```
!@

@![javascript]
```js

> //TODO

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sdlManager.getScreenManager().beginTransaction();
sdlManager.getScreenManager().setTextField1("Line of Text");
// The promise returned by changeLayout will not resolve because it is part of a batch update, and the await operator should be avoided as a result
sdlManager.getScreenManager().changeLayout(templateConfiguration);
sdlManager.getScreenManager().setPrimaryGraphic(<#SDLArtwork#>);
const success = await sdlManager.getScreenManager().commit();
if (success) {
    console.log('Text, Graphic, and Template changed successful");
}
```
